Readme.md, before:

# Editable JSON tree

An AngularJS directive used for displaying and editing JSON data in a tree view.

## How to use

Add scripts to your main html:
```html
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.2.13/angular.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://rawgithub.com/krispo/json-tree/master/json-tree.js"></script>
```

Inject `json-tree` directive into angular module and push some data to the controller:
```javascript
angular.module('myApp', ['json-tree'])
       .controller('myCtrl', function('$scope'){
           $scope.jsonData = { /* JSON data */ };
           })
```

and in html again you can use it like:
```html
<div ng-app='myApp'>
    <div ng-controller='myCtrl'>
        <json-tree json='jsonData'></json-tree>
    </div>
</div>
```

By default, it is used a **high** edit level that allows you to add new nodes,
reset node values to null, completely remove node, change value and type of the node (to object, array, string, number, boolean, null).

If you want to operate only with key-values of the nodes and avoid transformation of json tree, you can add **low** `edit-level` attribute like:
```html
<json-tree json='jsonData' edit-level='low'></json-tree>
```

You can completely refresh directive by using directive internal refresh function. To access this function just add `node` attribute like:
```html
<json-tree json='jsonData' edit-level='low' node='nodeOptions'></json-tree>
```
and then use it in controller as:
```javascript
$scope.nodeOptions.refresh();
```

Add more style to prettify the view. See complete example in `example.html` file.

---
Watch example [online](https://rawgithub.com/krispo/json-tree/master/example.html).

Commit message:

add dragging functionality for tree nodes

Readme.md, after:

# Editable JSON tree

An AngularJS directive used for displaying and editing JSON data in a tree view.
Available operations with nodes:

* `add` new nodes,
* `reset` node values to null,
* `remove` node completely,
* `change` value and type of the node (to object, array, string, number, boolean, null),
* `drag` and `sort` tree nodes (via pressed `Ctrl`). (except array elements)

## How to use

Add scripts to your main html:
```html
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.2.13/angular.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://rawgithub.com/krispo/json-tree/master/json-tree.js"></script>
```

Inject `json-tree` directive into angular module and push some data to the controller:
```javascript
angular.module('myApp', ['json-tree'])
       .controller('myCtrl', function('$scope'){
           $scope.jsonData = { /* JSON data */ };
           })
```

and in html again you can use it like:
```html
<div ng-app='myApp'>
    <div ng-controller='myCtrl'>
        <json-tree json='jsonData'></json-tree>
    </div>
</div>
```

By default, it is used a **high** edit level that allows you to add new nodes,
reset node values to null, completely remove node, change value and type of the node (to object, array, string, number, boolean, null),
drag and sort tree nodes.

If you want to operate only with key-values of the nodes and avoid transformation of json tree, you can add **low** `edit-level` attribute like:
```html
<json-tree json='jsonData' edit-level='low'></json-tree>
```

You can completely refresh directive by using directive internal refresh function. To access this function just add `node` attribute like:
```html
<json-tree json='jsonData' edit-level='low' node='nodeOptions'></json-tree>
```
and then use it in controller as:
```javascript
$scope.nodeOptions.refresh();
```

Drag and sort your tree nodes via pressed `Ctrl` key.

Add more style to prettify the view. See complete example in `example.html` file.

---
Watch example [online](https://rawgithub.com/krispo/json-tree/master/example.html).
